so what we use we'll do it again so
right now we'll spread on it till it
gets nice and soaked wet and now you
light it on fire the thing about doing
that is if you have it like that's too
long
it messes up your wheel but what happens
if it gets more gummy and actually you
can use it to reapply some black board
like an you take wax paper and put it on
your board and it's good to go I guess
yeah
Oh still one more wheel just to the
crowd all right nice
Oh getting really wet that's good you
light it go ahead son okay and then if
it goes for too long
you messed up your wheels and if you
think you can only do this like once you
can do it again you just gotta screen
them for a little while and now the
thing is we don't really know if it's
good very well so yeah this is really
cool and it can make them more gummy
it's nothing it and if you want to make
your board today improve great that so
any Perry watches and all watching the
first in a circle
I can't agree either fire or smells or
any part makes fast so going back still
be on the board but so like we said
before if you just take like wax paper
put on your board yeah all right end
yeah that's probably the best way to
make your sketches better so discrim
spit on their head your fans better yeah
so you can do old-school stuff okay hope
you do those go skating get in it in
cream pies